i lots of shopping
I'm afraid to call that all.
The world is cursing us, but we
cursing borges people and thermal
tank that will connect that thermal bag
look at what to love of big terneuzen
parent thermal bag great for constituents
new is cool
the style also has one I see that I
I'm a millionaire emitted there pretend in
game
the agency if I were a thousand and the team
Baiano equalized
Hi, people are talking about speaking by tone.
I 'm a little disgusted with Fernando.
it's there
oh boy what's up, people said that there's nothing
oh my displeasure that I 'm sorry I have
It's just that I wanted to talk.
with Fernando that he is selling a
marmitex thermal bag amd a disgust
That's what I say, I want to talk to Fernando.
he is there
claim the moment is a body of water to
to live
see marmitex thermal bag what disgust
How's that in my newspaper, hello?
inter andré of the essay naked made I think
A lot of hotel grace takes time because I can
the tone of the text
This newspaper is a thousand and I'm used to it.
eating more noble things and ear is just
of
ai ai ai q of the eye and sang of bibles
There I had time to work there was not until
time to do this has no way
person buys or sells a thing of
Marmitex what a disgust of those who disgust my God
from the sky
oh so how disgusting
What is the grace that is only missing?
I'll try to score the goal you gave us.
only to get off the shelf alone
They called the police station now it's
in this number so he can enter the
big accepting guests
Grandpa already checked the team there.
rage of the white paris is that the
bag of marmitex ae
the gift
a lo
And look where you're going to vote, ma'am.
Sorry lady saw no complain
police do not I'm barely saw the lady
to Miss Lady Miss Lady
connects the police not only that the lady
lady deserves so is to choose 040 where
The precinct to speak is to think.
How can you not take us now?
let's take gimme a break you will see only
How will I get you?
oh so how disgusting
it means that a shut up
gold